= Ideas =

== Attributes ==
There are five attributes, they are used in tests and define your stats.

All attributes starts at -2.

Depending of your class some attributes may start at 0.

on the first level you receive 10 points that you can distribute among them.

=== Agility ===
Your precision, speed and dexterity.

Used for aim, stealth and lock-pick tests.

=== Charisma ===
Your ability of interaction with others.

Used for lie, intimidate and persuade.

=== Intelect ===
Your memory, life long wisdom and education.

Used for perception and investigation tests.

Defines how much EP you have.

=== Strength ===
Your muscularity and physical power.

Used for fight tests.

=== Vigor ===
Your health and physical resistence.

Defines how much HP and Hunger you have.

== Stats ==

=== HP ===
HP stands for Hit Points. It is your endurance of pain and how healthy you are.

If HP goes to 0 you die.

The HP value is equal to 16 + Vigor * 2.

=== EP ===
EP stands for Essence Points. It is your state of spirit and determination.

If EP goes to 0 you can't use habilities nor magic.

The EP value is equal to 10 + Intelect * 2.

=== FP ===
FP stands for Food Points. It is how satieted you are.

If FP goes to less then the half of the maximum FP you become Hungry, you move slower than usual and suffers disadventages in all tests.

If FP goes to 0 you are dying of hunger, each round you lose -2 HP.

The FP value is equal to 100 + Vigor * 25.

== Classes ==

=== Fighter ===
Fighters have more health and do more physical damage than the other classes.

Strength starts at 0.

=== Thief ===
Thiefs are good in exploration, finding secret doors, opening locks and distance attacks.

Agility starts at 0.

=== Wizard ===
Wizards have more EP than the other classes, this is the only class that can use magic.

Intelect starts at 0.

== Attribute Tests ==
When something have a chance for failure an attribute test is gonna be performed.

=== How is calculated ===
Three random numbers that goes from 1 to 6 are gonna be picked, the sum of them plus the attribute have to be equal or greater to a certain number, if it is you passed.

=== Statistics ===

| Value | Percentage |
|-------|------------|
| 03    | 00.46%     |
| 04    | 01.39%     |
| 05    | 02.78%     |
| 06    | 04.63%     |
| 07    | 06.94%     |
| 08    | 09.72%     |
| 09    | 11.57%     |
| 10    | 12.50%     |
| 11    | 12.50%     |
| 12    | 11.57%     |
| 13    | 09.72%     |
| 14    | 06.94%     |
| 15    | 04.63%     |
| 16    | 02.78%     |
| 17    | 01.39%     |
| 18    | 00.46%     |

=== DT ===
DT stands for Difficulty of the Test. It is the value that the test has to surpass.

| DT | Difficulty | Percentage |
|----|------------|------------|
| 03 | Auto Pass  | 100.0%     |
| 04 | Very Easy  | 099.0%     |
| 05 | Very Easy  | 098.0%     |
| 06 | Easy       | 095.0%     |
| 07 | Easy       | 090.0%     |
| 08 | Easy       | 083.0%     |
| 09 | Avarage    | 074.0%     |
| 10 | Avarage    | 062.0%     |
| 11 | Avarage    | 050.0%     |
| 12 | Avarage    | 037.0%     |
| 13 | Hard       | 025.0%     |
| 14 | Hard       | 016.0%     |
| 15 | Hard       | 009.0%     |
| 16 | Very Hard  | 004.0%     |
| 17 | Very Hard  | 001.0%     |
| 18 | Critic     | 000.5%     |


